this program is organized into four
courses foundations object-oriented
programming memory management and
concurrency
in the foundations course you'll learn
about C++ syntax and how to compile and
run C++ programs you'll also learn about
the input and output features of the
language as well as how to declare and
initialize variables structure your code
using conditionals and loops and
organize your code using functions in
the object-oriented programming course
you'll learn how to further organize
your code into classes and you'll learn
how to expose interfaces to those
classes to other users you'll also learn
how to declare certain interfaces to be
public and certain to be private using
access modifiers you'll cover the core
concepts of object oriented programming
generally including encapsulation
abstraction inheritance and polymorphism
and you'll learn how to implement those
features using the C++ programming
language you'll close this course by
learning about generic programming and
how to use C++ templates to make your
code more generic in the next course
you'll learn about memory management
memory is incredibly important to the
C++ programming language you'll learn
how to pass around both references and
pointers and you'll learn about the
differences between memory on the stack
and memory allocated from the heap
you'll also learn how to take advantage
of scope and use the resource
acquisition is initialization paradigm
in order to keep track of memory that's
used by your program you'll close this
course by learning about smart pointers
which are the best way to keep track of
pointers and dynamically allocated
memory in modern C++ the final course is
concurrency in this course you'll learn
how to organize your code using both
processes and threads and you'll learn
how to synchronize and communicate
between threads in particular you'll
learn about features of the C++
programming language that support
concurrent multi-threaded programming
including promises and futures and
mutexes and locks by the time you're
done with all four of these courses you
will be a terrific C++ developer